Switch accounts/orgs dropdown (#4468)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/account-management/switch-org.md

---
title: Switch InfluxDB Cloud organizations
seotitle: Switch between InfluxDB Cloud organizations
description: >
  Switch from one InfluxDB Cloud account to another and set a default account.  
menu:
  influxdb_cloud:
    name: Switch InfluxDB accounts
    parent: Account management
weight: 105
---

> If you belong to more than one {{< cloud-name >}} organization with the same email address, you can switch from one organization to another while staying logged in. An account can contain multiple organizations. 

Reviewer: Let's add an intro on orgs:

> Organizations are isolated environments for time series data and the resources to make use of it, e.g. tasks, dashboards, etc. InfluxDB Cloud accounts can have one or more organizations. Organizations can only belong to a single InfluxDB Cloud account.

> If your InfluxDB Cloud user belongs to more than one {{< cloud-name >}} organization, you can switch from one organization to another using the following steps:

Author: Used the wording from our existing org docs instead.

To switch {{< cloud-name "short" >}} organizations:

> 1. In the {{< cloud-name "short" >}} UI, click the organization name dropdown in the upper left and select **Settings**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the {{< cloud-name "short" >}} UI, click the organization name drop-down list in the upper left and select **Settings**.
```

> 2. Click **Switch Organization**. If this option doesn't appear, your email address is only associated with one organization.

Author: @gunnaraasen -- Can you confirm these steps? wasn't able to try it out with multiple orgs.

Reviewer 3: This is incorrect. Steps are: 

To switch {{< cloud-name "short" >}} organizations:

1. In the {{< cloud-name "short" >}} UI, click the organization name dropdown in the upper left and select **Switch Organizations**.
2. Then select the organization that you would like to switch to. 

Note: If the organization is in a different account, you must switch accounts first in order to view the account's corresponding organizations. 

@noramullen1
